OK so the next think we're going to take a look at is the index dot DML.
So it's right here.
Anyway you have this well not a very large file but here our application will begin.
And here we will include all that needs to be included in order for our project to actually come alive
anyway.
These are standard HD M-L tags so you open them and you close them and then we have the head tags for
the header and then we have a title here the title will be angular to QuickStart.
It's of course something that will in all likelihood in all probability be altered to suit our needs
as we're not going to name our application angular to QuickStart we're going to name it something else.
Anyway this is the title that you will see in the browser tab.
Double-O we have a char set UTF 8 meaning that you will be able to use characters from pretty much any
keyboard and take out the grain of salt because I'm not sure about the Chinese characters but pretty
much anything from the Western world you will be able to use with UTF 8 down below the viewport content
extra.
Pretty sure if you can actually conclude what this stands for what this is says with equals device with
this is this particular line is here so that your site would scale in accordance with the device that
is basically accessing it.
By this I mean if you are accessing it from your phone and if you're accessing it from a computer with
a 24 inch screen there are two completely different things.
Obviously one is 24 inch.
The other one is maybe six set max.
So the site needs to scale in accordance with the width of the device screen devices screen which is
very nice meaning that you don't need to make actually two separate sites for mobile and for desktop
versions but rather instead the same site will simply scale to the size of the screen in a proper manner.
Ok done below.
We have a link basically to for the style that will be used on our site.
We will in all likelihood probability use bootstrap as well.
Pretty much everybody uses it and it's very simple and it's very good.
So why not.
OK so Double-O we have these things are generic so they just need to be there you don't need to study
them in great detail but let me just go ahead and go over them in the simplest possible manner.
So the first line the first script that will be plugged in here.
It provides something like a compatibility layer so that our site would work on older browsers.
Although why anybody would use older browsers is actually beyond me.
I really do not understand since I know of no browser that you actually need to pay for to get updates.
As you can freely update pretty much all of them.
So why is that so I have no idea why why people use older browsers I have no idea about this makes perfect
sense because people do use older browsers and we would like our application to work with pretty much
every single browser out there.
Therefore in Therefore we are going to go ahead and utilize this script here.
That's its purpose.
The next one down below.
Now this is just basically needed by angular so that it would function properly without it it will not
function properly and angular relies on it so that it would perform well for the time being.
I'm going to go ahead and leave zones as they are.
I'm not going to go ahead and dive deep into what zones are or how they function etc. as this is a rather
advanced subject in angular.
And it's really not fit for beginning stages.
Just how much.
Just leave it at what it does.
And later on we will eventually stumble across we will move into more advanced things once we are once
we are once we have actually mastered the simplest of things.
And then these things will be explained.
For now to explain it would actually make no sense whatsoever to definitions that I would give you would
be basically hieroglyphs.
Anyway if you really are that interested at this point in time to know exactly what zone G does or what
zones are in general here go on the net and there are plenty of definitions out there.
But I assure you you will find them very confusing at this point in time.
Next up you have reflect Yes.
So this script basically allows for the usage of decorators whose usage will be demonstrated later on
along their merry way because to explain the decorators.
Now again could be something.
It would be it would have a similar effect as me describing what zones are.
Let me put it like this.
I don't mean to insult anyone especially not myself in this case but imagine that you just started learning
math and you're obviously not going to begin with trigonometric functions are going to begin with something
like plus minus equals etc. and then move on to the Trigon the metric functions.
Same case here except here we actually plug these things in an age anerobic Arafat fashion so that the
application would actually work at all.
But we don't need to know immediately what each one of these scripts does how it functions as we will
learn that along the merry way.
So next up we have system s r c r g s.
Now this script with this line we're basically including system J us modular and after this line we
can use it in our project as from this point onwards.
It actually exists so this is a key concept to understand.
So if we plug this in this exists from this point on it does not exist above.
So you cannot use anything from here above.
You can only use it.
You can use things from here down below.
That's how it is.
Anyway that's just up a way of explaining it a way of putting it.
So say
the system.
We've basically explained in the previous tutorial I can remind you a little bit.
Basically system G-S is a dynamic module loader.
The QuickStart uses the system just basically to load libraries as and our modules as well.
So I've just read a line from my notes but if you didn't figure what system just that is to the fullest
extent.
Please feel free to go back a story or two and check it out.
Anyway it's not terribly important at this point in time.
Once again now down below we move into these into the
system just start config dot J us.
So we need this script in order for the system just to be configured in the first place.
So keep that in mind and down below this a final this final thing that we're going to import this is
actually probably the most interesting one and this is something that you do need to know what it actually
is.
So here our application begins so as this line that I have highlighted this is where our application
will begin.
And here for the first time we are actually loading something that is a part of our application system
J.S. we'll import d apt module.
We've talked about that before you have the app here.
Let me just expand it and main database files so this one right here.
And basically if it fails it is it.
There we go.
So basically if it fails it's just going to catch the error.
In our case it really shouldn't fail there is no reason for it.
It's basically default configuration aside from some minor changes.
But this is probably the most important and the most interesting line here.
Down below we have these strange tags.
I mean you've probably seen body tags head tags script tags before but my app tags you probably haven't
seen before and this is going to be explained later on as well.
But for the time being no dead this part here where it says loading and three dots before our application
is imported and functional loading three dots will be displayed on the screen and we will get into the
my app tags a little bit later on for the time being I'm going to go ahead and bedew fair.
Well.